Fix for #2423. request.data => body, params is used for querystrings (#2425)
MithrilJS/mithril.js: docs/request.md

```javascript
m.request({
  method: "PUT",
  url: "/api/v1/users/:id",

>   body: {id: 1, name: "test"}

Reviewer: Aren't the URL parameters are only replaced from `params` and not from `body`?

Reviewer 2: Yep, this needs fixed.

Author: OK

m.request({
	method: "PUT",
	url: "/api/v1/users/:id",

> 	params: {id: 1, name: "test"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	params: {id: 1},
	body: {name: "test"}
```

Reviewer 2: Why?

Reviewer: The request method is `PUT`, so it needs a body. The current example will produce:

```
PUT /api/v1/users/1
```

with an empty body. 😨

Reviewer 2: It works well enough for the examples, and I've done put-like operations using the query string only. Your app obviously will be more complicated, and this is purely just for show, nothing more.

Reviewer: This is a fundamental change in this example. Previously, it would have made an `application/json` request without a query string.

If I make a PR to fix this, will you accept it?

Reviewer 2: I'll consider it as long as you include this context, but keep in mind `id` has to be in `params` for it to be interpolated.

Reviewer: https://github.com/MithrilJS/mithril.js/pull/2430

------------------------- | --------------------------------- | -------- | ---
`options`                 | `Object`                          | Yes      | The request options to pass.
`options.method`          | `String`                          | No       | The HTTP method to use. This value should be one of the following: `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, `HEAD` or `OPTIONS`. Defaults to `GET`.
`options.url`             | `String`                          | Yes      | The [path name](paths.md) to send the request to, optionally interpolated with values from `options.params`.

> `options.params`            | `any`                           | No       | The data to be interpolated into the URL and serialized into the querystring (for GET requests).

Reviewer: Pretty sure this should be `Object` instead of `any`...?

Author: Changed

> `options.params`            | `any`                           | No       | The data to be interpolated into the URL and serialized into the querystring (for GET requests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`options.params`            | `Object`                        | No       | The data to be interpolated into the URL and/or serialized into the query string.
```

Reviewer 2: This line needs fixed (and the above suggestion would work).

(Including this purely for the sake of review.)

Author: Copied

> `options.body`            | `any`                             | No       | The data to be serialized into the body (for other types of requests).

Reviewer: Ditto here, `Object` instead of `any` ?

Author: OK

> `options.body`            | `any`                             | No       | The data to be serialized into the body (for other types of requests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`options.body`            | `Object`                          | No       | The data to be serialized into the body.
```

Reviewer 2: This line needs fixed (and the above suggestion would work).

(Including this purely for the sake of review.)

Author: OK

`options.deserialize`     | `any = Function(any)`          | No       | A deserialization method to be applied to the `xhr.response` or normalized `xhr.responseText`. Defaults to the [identity function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_function). If `extract` is defined, `deserialize` will be skipped.
`options.extract`         | `any = Function(xhr, options)`    | No       | A hook to specify how the XMLHttpRequest response should be read. Useful for processing response data, reading headers and cookies. By default this is a function that returns `options.deserialize(parsedResponse)`, throwing an exception when the server response status code indicates an error or when the response is syntactically invalid. If a custom `extract` callback is provided, the `xhr` parameter is the XMLHttpRequest instance used for the request, and `options` is the object that was passed to the `m.request` call. Additionally, `deserialize` will be skipped and the value returned from the extract callback will be left as-is when the promise resolves.

> `options.useBody`         | `Boolean`                         | No       | Force the use of the HTTP body section for `body` in `GET` requests when set to `true`, or the use of querystring for other HTTP methods when set to `false`. Defaults to `false` for `GET` requests and `true` for other methods.

Reviewer: This line should be removed, as `useBody` was dropped in #2361.

Author: Removed

> `options.useBody`         | `Boolean`                         | No       | Force the use of the HTTP body section for `body` in `GET` requests when set to `true`, or the use of querystring for other HTTP methods when set to `false`. Defaults to `false` for `GET` requests and `true` for other methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: This line needs fixed (and the above suggestion would work).

(Including this purely for the sake of review.)

Author: OK

```javascript
m.request({
  method: "GET",

>   url: "/api/v1/users",

Reviewer: Why are whitespace changes included in this PR?

Author: My bad. I use a markdown linter, and it replaced them all...

```javascript
m.request({
  method: "GET",
  url: "/api/v1/users/:id",
  params: {id: 123},
}).then(function(user) {
  console.log(user.id) // logs 123
})
```

> In the code above, `:id` is populated with the data from the `{id: 123}` object, and the request becomes `GET /api/v1/users/123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above, `:id` is populated with the data from the `params` object, and the request becomes `GET /api/v1/users/123`.
```

Reviewer 2: This line needs fixed (and the above suggestion would work).

(Including this purely for the sake of review.)

Author: OK

Interpolations are ignored if no matching data exists in the `params` property.

```javascript
m.request({
  method: "GET",
  url: "/api/v1/users/foo:bar",
  params: {id: 123},
})
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the code above, the request becomes `GET /api/v1/users/foo:bar?id=123`.
```

Reviewer 2: This particular suggestion is optional.

(Including this purely for the sake of review.)

Author: I've included it - I believe it is important, so users will know that if their `params` contains a lot of properties, they will all be added to the URL.

```javascript
function upload(e) {
  var file = e.target.files[0]

  var data = new FormData()

>   data.append("myfile", file)

Reviewer: I think it would be better if this used `body` instead of `data` to make it clear what option should be used.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

Author: OK.

}
```

Next, you need to call `m.request` and set `options.method` to an HTTP method that uses body (e.g. `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`) and use the `FormData` object as `options.body`.

```javascript
function upload(e) {
  var file = e.target.files[0]

  var data = new FormData()
  data.append("myfile", file)

  m.request({
    method: "POST",
    url: "/api/v1/upload",

>     body: data,

Reviewer: Similarly here.

Author: OK

Currently, due to lack of browser support, `fetch()` typically requires a [polyfill](https://github.com/github/fetch), which is over 11kb uncompressed - nearly three times larger than Mithril's XHR module.

> Despite being much smaller, Mithril's XHR module supports many important and not-so-trivial-to-implement features like [URL interpolation](#dynamic-urls), querystring serialization and [JSON-P requests](jsonp.md), in addition to its ability to integrate seamlessly to Mithril's auto-redrawing subsystem. The `fetch` polyfill does not support any of those, and requires extra libraries and boilerplates to achieve the same level of functionality.

Reviewer 2: I'm reverting this change since the docs use both interchangeably.
